- [Instructor] Before we get too far into the course,
I wanted to take a moment to introduce you
to our course project.
Our course project is going to be a back office
inventory management system created for H+ Sport.
Within this back office system
we can created different products
that are going to be found
within the H+ Sport inventory.
These products will then be added to the catalog
for the company and we can view the individual product
and its details as well as assign item managers
that are responsible for supplying the product
for the company.
Also there's a help chat that we've developed
that can be used by the item managers
to resolve product issues.
Now all of this back office inventory management
is to support the H+ Sport company
and they sell active apparel and supplements
on their H+ Sport website.
Here we can see the product catalog for the company.
As we build out this project,
you're going to get a lot of great, hands-on experience
with all of the Java EE APIs
and we're going to integrate many of the technologies
in order to build our H+ Sport inventory management system.